[ci:docs] Remove future tense from man pages (#18559)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-rmi.1.md

#### **--force**, **-f**

> This option causes podman to remove all containers that are using the image before removing the image from the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option causes Podman to remove all containers that are using the image before removing the image from the system.
```

#### **--ignore**, **-i**

If a specified image does not exist in the local storage, ignore it and do not throw an error.

#### **--no-prune**

> This options does not remove dangling parents of specified image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option does not remove dangling parents of the specified image.
```
